Please see the README file for general information.

BEFORE INSTALLING

Remove any old DGC modem drivers, either manually or by
running "rpm -e dgcmodem" or "make uninstall" if using the
RPM or tar versions of this package respectively.


INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS

If your Linux distribution supports the RPM Package Manager,
it is easiest to install the binary RPM package with METHOD A.
If your system is based on Debian (DPKG), METHOD B is for you.
METHOD C is for distributions without RPM or DPKG support,
or those who prefer not to use packages.

If you obtained the driver as a ".zip" file, extract it
first with "unzip <filename>.zip".


METHOD A: BINARY RPM PACKAGE (*.{arch}.rpm)

If you have obtained the driver package in RPM format:

1. install the rpm with "rpm -i dgcmodem-{version}.{arch}.rpm"

2. if necessary, run "dgcconfig" to complete the installation, or
to change your modem's configuration.

If you need to rebuild the generic RPM from source, you
can get the TAR package and run: "rpmbuild -tb dgcmodem-{version}.tar.gz"
(if rpmbuild is not found, you might have to install the rpm-build
package or if you have an older RPM version, try "rpm --rebuild ...").
If you want a pre-compiled package for the currently running kernel,
you can try "make rpmprecomp" in the top directory.


METHOD B: DEBIAN PACKAGE (*.deb)

If you have obtained the driver package in DEBIAN format:

1. install the package with "dpkg -i dgcmodem_{version}_{arch}.deb",
if apt-get or some other tool hasn't already done it for you.

2. if necessary, run "dgcconfig" to complete the installation,
or to change your modem's configuration.

If you need to rebuild the Debian generic package from source, you can
get the TAR package, and from the top directory run: "make debdist".
A pre-compiled DEB package for the currently running kernel can be
built using "make debprecomp" instead.


METHOD C: TAR PACKAGE (*.tar.gz)

If you have obtained the driver package in tar format:

1. extract the package with "tar -xzf dgcmodem-{version}.tar.gz"

2. change to the package directory with "cd dgcmodem-{version}"

3. run "make install" from the top of the package directory.

4. run "dgcconfig" to complete the installation and configure your modem.

(Alternatively to this whole procedure you may generate RPMS from the tar
package using rpmbuild -ta dgcmodem-{version}.tar.gz")


AFTER INSTALLATION

If an error occurred during installation, please see the section
'REPORTING PROBLEMS' below.

Once the modem is installed and configured, you may access it
as /dev/ttyACM0. Additionally, you can use it via the symbolic link
/dev/modem (equivalent to ttyACM0). If you have more than one ACM modem,
the second will be available as /dev/ttyACM1, the third as /dev/ttyACM2
and so forth.

Please review the permissions on the device nodes with "ls -l" to ensure
that they are adequate for your system.

The "dgcconfig" command can be used to change certain modem configuration
options or recompile (generic packages only) the kernel modules after
installation.  Run "dgcconfig --help" for usage information.


MANUALLY UNLOADING THE DRIVERS

The modem drivers can be manually unloaded using the "dgcstop" command.


USING ALTERNATIVE VENDOR AND DEVICE IDS

If your modem uses a chipset supported by the drivers but isn't
recognized by the driver, please contact modem.support@linuxant.com.


REMOVING THE DRIVER

If for any reason you wish to un-install the DGC drivers from your
system, simply run the "dgcconfig --uninstall" command in a root shell.


MORE INFORMATION AND HELP

If you require assistance or need more information, go to:
              http://www.linuxant.com/drivers

Conexant Systems neither distributes nor maintains this package.
PLEASE DO NOT CONTACT CONEXANT REGARDING THIS SOFTWARE!!!


REPORTING PROBLEMS

Additional problem reports or patches may be sent to:
	modem.support@linuxant.com

Enclosing the output of "dgcconfig --dumpdiag" and the last call status
information if pertinent (see above) in your report can greatly
facilitate problem resolution.

